Now that's it for debugging and for writing efficient code.
In this module, you learned a lot about how to use and utilize and configure your IDE and make sure
you really do explore the features you can use there so that you can write code efficiently.
Make sure you do configure your IDE to suit your needs, both regarding its looks but also regarding
the way it works.
You learned about MDN and what a great resource it is and how to google correctly and use stack
overflow to find help
and you also learned about the Chrome debugging tools and how you can use your IDE for debugging to
run your code,
pause your code, find errors and also of course make sure that the app works the way it should.
These are crucial features,
as a developer, they're just as important to know as is the Javascript language itself,
so really make sure that these are the things you feel comfortable working with, that you are comfortable
working with the debugging tools and with all of that, we are well-prepared to now dive back into Javascript,
dive deeper into it because now, we don't just have the very basics about Javascript down but we also
know how to write code, how to get help, how to debug and fix errors and hence we can now dive deeper
into Javascript.